Transfer Studio how-to use case to SP guide (domain model) (#5988)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/howto/front-end/create-your-first-two-overview-and-detail-pages.md

Before starting with this how-to, make sure you have completed the following prerequisite:

> * Set up a basic data structure by reading [Configuring a Domain Model](/refguide/configuring-a-domain-model/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a domain model by following [Configuring a Domain Model](/refguide/configuring-a-domain-model/):
```
